1. What problem does the context API help solve?
   Helps to solve the problem of props drilling.  It's a state management system that is appropriate for use in smaller applications.  It allows you to share state with an indirect child or parent. 
1. In your own words, describe `actions`, `reducers` and the `store` and their role in Redux. What does each piece do? Why is the store known as a 'single source of truth' in a redux application?
    The store is where all state is stored, also known as the state tree, a single source of truth, reducers (or a rootReducer which is a combination of more than one reducers) is connected to the store.  We use action creators (functions) to create actions (objects containing the intended change of state).  We have to connect these action creator functions to our as store if we want to call them. When the action creator function is called it passes the intended action to the reducer function which returns to the store, a current state tree, based on the prior state tree, even if only one portion of the state is changed.  This change in state is reflected in our application. The store is a source of all truth because we can connect it to any component in the virtual DOM, and pass in whatever state(as props) or dispatch function that the component needs, eliminating the need for prop drilling and being particularly useful in large applications.  
1. What is the difference between Application state and Component state? When would be a good time to use one over the other?
   Application state is state that may be needed throughout the entire application and can be managed by redux or another state management system.  Component state is usually state that only needs to be used and changed in one component and perhaps maybe the component's child, in this case it's often simpler to utilize 'useState' in order to manipulate the state in the component.
1. Describe `redux-thunk`, what does it allow us to do? How does it change our `action-creators`?
    Redux-thunk is middleware (which Redux alows us to use) and can intercept our actions before they reach the reducer.  Redux-thunk allows us to perform async actions such as get, fetch, and post requests, since we can access the 'dispatch' function contained in redux directly and use it in our actioncreators.  A thunk is a function returned by another function (our action creators) and in this case Redux-thunk allows the 'thunk' functions to be called (treated like plain action objects by redux).  I know there is more to understand, but so far that is what I know.
1. What is your favorite state management system you've learned and this sprint? Please explain why!
    I hardly remember context API so I reviewed it and it does look like a better option than redux for a small application.  However, in the case of redux, I have found my biggest learning curve to be the writing the logic for the reducers.  This is a JS issue.  I find it much easier to use reducers WITH redux, instead of navigating the useReducer hook.  And the flow of redux makes a lot of sense to me.  There is setup and you do have to decide what should be local and what should be global, but implementing redux so far I really like, it's structure appeals to my desire for consistant structure and you do not need to remember which context is handling which state.  Instead you have the single source.  My mind seems more comfortable with it.  However I have yet to use it with a very large project!